Easy recipe to remove dandruff with
lemon juice there are many treatments
for the dandruff you can get in the
pharmacy but they tend to be expensive and
they contain strong chemicals some
products can even destroy the
natural oils that your scalp
it produces to avoid dandruff the lemon is
a natural cure for dandruff exprime
the juice of a fresh lemon in a glass of
water wet your hair and wring the excess
of water massages the scalp by
some minutes with the lemon peel
and rinse with the lemon juice mixture
and water repeats this natural treatment
for dandruff once a week for
have a beautiful hair without dandruff
heat two cups of water and add the
juice of a fresh lemon and two tablespoons
of coconut oil rinses your hair and
massage the mixture in the hair and
scalp
then drain that excess liquid and
wrap your head in a handkerchief leaves the
mix all night and rinse your
Hair normally repeats two or three
a month as an effective treatment
against dandruff mixes three tablespoons
of henna powder an egg and the juice of
a fresh lemon and form a paste applies
on the scalp massaging
Gently leave the mixture for at least
15 minutes this natural remedy can be
Repeat once a week as
conditioner treatment for dandruff
Soak the brushes all night
and combs in a mixture of a part of
lemon juice and one of water for
sterilize them and prevent the spread
or recurrence of dandruff